Yasukimi Kiseki
You see, if I hadn' t helped him out...
...what would have happened to my little sister?
That sound would have Kateo truc한ach zitzela вып疫ctue Par Cheryl'm어가
Look at this, you learned your lesson.
Thanks be to god for having sent me follow strike 250's
When I faced an attack from Gou-Kin and Naman!
Then my master said to me,
What the presence of the publisher?
It's not what he'd carefully mean to me.
I thought what he said was right,
but I couldn't understand it.
I'm a man of my word.
Please calm down and look at the sky.
That's good.
Don't say anything.
I'm going to have a baby.
I'm a man of my word.
Oh, I know.
What?
I'm not surprised.
You are a man of my word.
I'm a man of my word.
I'm not surprised.
Look, look, Jiro.
Be careful of the girl on the street.
Don't open the door.